Welcome to a new Marshall indice course we had a look at a lot of functionalities Anglo to offer us
which allow us to create awesome single page applications.
Now what functionality we haven't covered yet and where an older want to give you a basic introduction
to it at least our animations and what use ships with its own animation system which we can use to for
example render da addition of items to a list or deconditioned all at hatching or detaching of elements
to the DOM.
So all these things which are kind of hard to handle with normal C as s transitions were animations
because if you add something to dom which isn't there before it's hard to handle this with a C S S transition
style.
Therefore in this modular will have a look at the two with a lot to offer us to turn this application
here which isn't too awesome but which has a list at least well to turn this into a nicer application
where we play around with a couple of any nations and see how the animation system in England works
.